Make TLS/SSL version upgrade handling OPTIN for OnPremise (#631)
SAP/cloud-sdk-java: release_notes.md

### 📈 Improvements

- Minor improvement on OpenAPI code generator to apply JavaDoc on customized model class constructors.

> - Fix a TLS compatibility issue between latest _Apache HttpClient 5_ and _SAP Cloud Connector / OnPremise_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a TLS compatibility issue between the latest _Apache HttpClient 5_ and on-premise connectivity (via SAP Cloud Connector).
```
